README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/alec1o/netly">Netly</a></h1>

<h6 align="center"><sub>
  powered by <a href="https://github.com/alec1o">ALEC1O</a><sub/>
</h6>

<h6 align="center">
  <img align="center" src="content/logo/netly-logo-3.png" width="128px">
<h6>

##### About
> <sub>Netly is a flexible socket library built on c-sharp. It is compatible with (Android, iOS, Linux, Windows...)</sub>

<br>
  
##### Documentation 
> <sub>Netly docs ([HERE](https://netly.docs.kezero.com))</sub>

<br>

##### Install
>  <sub>Official publisher</sub>
  
  | <sub>Nuget</sub> | <sub>Unity Asset Store</sub> |
| ---   | ---               |
  | <sub>Install on [Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Netly)</sub>| <sub>Install on [Asset Store ](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/network/225473)</sub>|

<br>

##### Versions
>  <sub>Notable changes</sub>
  
| <sub>v1 (old)</sub>                     | <sub>v2 (stable)</sub> | <sub>v3 (in dev)</sub> | <sub>v4 (nonexistent)</sub> |
| ---                          | ---          | ---              | ---              |
|<sub>TCP (client/server)</sub>| <sub> TCP/IP [Message Framing](https://web.archive.org/web/20230219220947/https://blog.stephencleary.com/2009/04/message-framing.html)</sub> | <sub>TLS/SSL (client/server)</sub> | <sub>Websocket (client/server)</sub> |
| <sub>UDP</sub> | <sub>TCP/UDP performance improvement</sub> | <sub>Include docs/sample (SSL/TLS)</sub> |  <sub>Include docs/sample (Websocket)</sub> | 
|                |                                            | <sub>``Message Framing`` memory and performance improve</sub> |                            | 
|                |                                            | <sub>``Message Framing`` new protocol</sub> |                            |
|                |                                            | <sub>``UDP`` impl connection with udp (ping/timeout)</sub> |                            | 

<br>

##### List of tested platforms
  - <sub>[.NET](https://dotnet.microsoft.com) (SDK)</sub>
  - <sub>[Mono](https://mono-project.com) (SDK)</sub>
  - <sub>[Unity](https://unity.com) (Engine)</sub>
  
<br>

##### Feature
> <sub>Below are some missing features that are planned to be added in later versions.</sub><br>
  - <sub>SSL/TLS (v3)</sub>
  - <sub>Websocket (v4)</sub>

<br>

##### Dependency
  - <sub>[Byter](https://github.com/alec1o/Byter)</sub>

<br>
  
##### Build
> ###### Build dependencies
  - <sub>[Git](http://git-scm.com/)</sub>
  - <sub>[.NET](http://dot.net)</sub>
  
> ###### Build step-by-step 
  ```rb
  # 1. clone repository 
  $ git clone "https://github.com/alec1o/netly.git"

  # 2. open source directory 
  $ cd netly/

  # 5. restore dotnet project
  $ dotnet restore

  # 6. build dotnet project
  $ dotnet build
  ```

<br>
  
##### Demo
> <sub>Warning `MessageFraming`</sub>
  ```php
MessageFraming: just set this to false if you want to use netly to communicate with another tcp library.
true case: this will improve data security, but both client and server must have the same configuration.
  ```
> <sub>Client</sub>
  ```csharp
  using Netly;
  using Netly.Core;

  /* ================ Instances ================ */

  var client = new TcpClient(messageFraming: true); 
  var host = new Host("127.0.0.1", 3000); 

  /* ================ Triggers ================= */

  client.Open(host); // open connection

  client.ToData(new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}); // send raw data

  client.ToEvent("name", new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}); // send event

  client.Close(); // close connection

  /* ================ Callbacks ================ */

  client.OnOpen(() =>
  {
      // connection opened
  });

  client.OnClose(() =>
  {
      // connection closed
  });

  client.OnError((exception) =>
  {   
      // error on open connection
  });

  client.OnData((data) => 
  {
      // buffer/data received
  });

  client.OnEvent((name, data) =>
  {
      // event received: {name: event name} {data: buffer/data received} 
  });

  client.OnModify((socket) =>
  {
      // modify socket instance
  });
  ```
> <sub>Server</sub>
  ```csharp
  using Netly;
  using Netly.Core;

  /* ================ Instances ================ */

  var server = new TcpServer(messageFraming: true);
  var host = new Host("0.0.0.0", 3000);

  /* ================ Triggers ================= */  

  server.Open(host); // open connection

  server.ToData(new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}); // broadcast data

  server.ToEvent("name", new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}); // broadcast event

  server.Close(); // close connection

  /* ================ Callbacks ================ */  

  server.OnOpen(() =>
  {
      // connection opened: server start listen client
  });

  server.OnClose(() =>
  {
      // connection closed: server stop listen client
  });

  server.OnError((exception) =>
  {
      // error on open connection
  });

  server.OnEnter((client) =>
  {
      // client connected: connection accepted
  });

  server.OnExit((client) =>
  {
      // client disconnected: connection closed
  });

  server.OnData((client, data) =>
  {
      // buffer/data received: {client: client instance} {data: buffer/data received} 
  });

  server.OnEvent((client, name, data) =>
  {
      // event received: {client: client instance} {name: event name} {data: buffer received} 
  });

  server.OnModify((socket) =>
  {
      // modify socket instance
  });
  ```

Commit message:

add sponsor and supporter notice

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/alec1o/netly">Netly</a></h1>

<h6 align="center"><sub>
  powered by <a href="https://github.com/alec1o">ALEC1O</a><sub/>
</h6>

<h6 align="center">
  <img align="center" src="content/logo/netly-logo-3.png" width="128px">
<h6>

##### About
> <sub>Netly is a flexible socket library built on c-sharp. It is compatible with (Android, iOS, Linux, Windows...)</sub>

<br>
  
##### Documentation 
> <sub>Netly docs ([HERE](https://netly.docs.kezero.com))</sub>

<br>

##### Install
>  <sub>Official publisher</sub>
  
  | <sub>Nuget</sub> | <sub>Unity Asset Store</sub> |
| ---   | ---               |
  | <sub>Install on [Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Netly)</sub>| <sub>Install on [Asset Store ](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/network/225473)</sub>|

<br>

##### Sponsor and Supporter
> <sub>Well, this project is open source and only development can be supported by suggestions for improvements, bug reports or the like. (for those who want to financially support this resource is not available at this time)</sub>

<br>

##### Versions
>  <sub>Notable changes</sub>
  
| <sub>v1 (old)</sub>                     | <sub>v2 (stable)</sub> | <sub>v3 (in dev)</sub> | <sub>v4 (nonexistent)</sub> |
| ---                          | ---          | ---              | ---              |
|<sub>TCP (client/server)</sub>| <sub> TCP/IP [Message Framing](https://web.archive.org/web/20230219220947/https://blog.stephencleary.com/2009/04/message-framing.html)</sub> | <sub>TLS/SSL (client/server)</sub> | <sub>Websocket (client/server)</sub> |
| <sub>UDP</sub> | <sub>TCP/UDP performance improvement</sub> | <sub>Include docs/sample (SSL/TLS)</sub> |  <sub>Include docs/sample (Websocket)</sub> | 
|                |                                            | <sub>``Message Framing`` memory and performance improve</sub> |                            | 
|                |                                            | <sub>``Message Framing`` new protocol</sub> |                            |
|                |                                            | <sub>``UDP`` impl connection with udp (ping/timeout)</sub> |                            | 

<br>

##### List of tested platforms
  - <sub>[.NET](https://dotnet.microsoft.com) (SDK)</sub>
  - <sub>[Mono](https://mono-project.com) (SDK)</sub>
  - <sub>[Unity](https://unity.com) (Engine)</sub>
  
<br>

##### Feature
> <sub>Below are some missing features that are planned to be added in later versions.</sub><br>
  - <sub>SSL/TLS (v3)</sub>
  - <sub>Websocket (v4)</sub>

<br>

##### Dependency
  - <sub>[Byter](https://github.com/alec1o/Byter)</sub>

<br>
  
##### Build
> ###### Build dependencies
  - <sub>[Git](http://git-scm.com/)</sub>
  - <sub>[.NET](http://dot.net)</sub>
  
> ###### Build step-by-step 
  ```rb
  # 1. clone repository 
  $ git clone "https://github.com/alec1o/netly.git"

  # 2. open source directory 
  $ cd netly/

  # 5. restore dotnet project
  $ dotnet restore

  # 6. build dotnet project
  $ dotnet build
  ```

<br>
  
##### Demo
> <sub>Warning `MessageFraming`</sub>
  ```php
MessageFraming: just set this to false if you want to use netly to communicate with another tcp library.
true case: this will improve data security, but both client and server must have the same configuration.
  ```
> <sub>Client</sub>
  ```csharp
  using Netly;
  using Netly.Core;

  /* ================ Instances ================ */

  var client = new TcpClient(messageFraming: true); 
  var host = new Host("127.0.0.1", 3000); 

  /* ================ Triggers ================= */

  client.Open(host); // open connection

  client.ToData(new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}); // send raw data

  client.ToEvent("name", new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}); // send event

  client.Close(); // close connection

  /* ================ Callbacks ================ */

  client.OnOpen(() =>
  {
      // connection opened
  });

  client.OnClose(() =>
  {
      // connection closed
  });

  client.OnError((exception) =>
  {   
      // error on open connection
  });

  client.OnData((data) => 
  {
      // buffer/data received
  });

  client.OnEvent((name, data) =>
  {
      // event received: {name: event name} {data: buffer/data received} 
  });

  client.OnModify((socket) =>
  {
      // modify socket instance
  });
  ```
> <sub>Server</sub>
  ```csharp
  using Netly;
  using Netly.Core;

  /* ================ Instances ================ */

  var server = new TcpServer(messageFraming: true);
  var host = new Host("0.0.0.0", 3000);

  /* ================ Triggers ================= */  

  server.Open(host); // open connection

  server.ToData(new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}); // broadcast data

  server.ToEvent("name", new byte[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}); // broadcast event

  server.Close(); // close connection

  /* ================ Callbacks ================ */  

  server.OnOpen(() =>
  {
      // connection opened: server start listen client
  });

  server.OnClose(() =>
  {
      // connection closed: server stop listen client
  });

  server.OnError((exception) =>
  {
      // error on open connection
  });

  server.OnEnter((client) =>
  {
      // client connected: connection accepted
  });

  server.OnExit((client) =>
  {
      // client disconnected: connection closed
  });

  server.OnData((client, data) =>
  {
      // buffer/data received: {client: client instance} {data: buffer/data received} 
  });

  server.OnEvent((client, name, data) =>
  {
      // event received: {client: client instance} {name: event name} {data: buffer received} 
  });

  server.OnModify((socket) =>
  {
      // modify socket instance
  });
  ```
